# Quote ..

#### - " In C, the bitwise NOT operator (^) is a binary operator that takes a number and returns a new number. The new number is created by flipping each bit in the number. For example, if we have the number 5 (101 in binary), the number resulting from the bitwise NOT operator will be 6 (011 in binary). This is because each bit in the number 5 was flipped. The bitwise NOT operator can be used for a variety of tasks, such as : Flipping the bits in a number, Creating a new number that is different from the original number only in the bits that were flipped, Checking whether a number is even or odd. " ( Google Bard )

#### - " Here is an example from the real world that is similar to the bitwise NOT operator : Mirror .. When we look in a mirror, we see a reflection of ourselves. This reflection is essentially a binary number that has been flipped. For example, if we have the number 5 (101 in binary), the number resulting from the mirror will be 6 (011 in binary). This is because each bit in the number 5 has been flipped. In the C language, the NOT operator (^) can be used to create a new number that is similar to the original number only in the bits that have been flipped. For example, if we have the number 5, the number resulting from the NOT operator (^) will be 6. This is because each bit in the number 5 has been flipped. This is just one example from the real world that is similar to the bitwise NOT operator. There are many other applications of this operator in a variety of fields, such as computer science, engineering, and cryptography. " ( Google Bard )
