# Quote ..

#### - " A pointer is a variable that stores the address of another variable. Pointers can be used to access other variables directly, without having to know their name or location in memory. For example, if you have a variable called my_int with the value 10, you can create a pointer called my_pointer that points to my_int. You can then use my_pointer to access the value of my_int without having to know the name or location of my_int in memory. Pointers are used in many programming applications, including : Array processing , Dynamic variable processing , Writing functions that take pointers as input , Writing functions that return pointers. Pointers are a powerful tool that can be used to improve the performance of programs and make them more scalable. " ( Google Bard )

#### - " A pointer can be thought of as an address of a house. When you write the address of a house, you are essentially writing a set of coordinates that define the location of the house on a map. These coordinates can then be used to find the house, even if you don't know the name of the house, its shape, or anything else about it. In programming, a pointer can be thought of as an address of a variable. When you write a pointer, you are essentially writing a set of coordinates that define the location of the variable in memory. These coordinates can then be used to access the variable, even if you don't know the name of the variable, its type, or anything else about it. For example, if you have a variable called my_int with the value 10, you can create a pointer called my_pointer that points to my_int. You can then use my_pointer to access the value of my_int without having to know the name of my_int or its type or anything else about it. Pointers can be used in many different applications in programming. For example, they can be used to create arrays, process dynamic data, and write functions. Pointers are a powerful tool that can be used to improve the performance of programs and make them more scalable. " ( Google Bard )
