# Quote ..

#### - " The bitwise XOR operator (^) in C is a binary operator that takes two values and returns a new value. The new value is determined by the bits that are different in the two values. This operation is called exclusive OR. For example, if we have the value 5 (101 in binary) and the value 6 (110 in binary), the value returned by exclusive OR will be 7 (111 in binary). This is because the bits in the first two and 3rd bits of the value 5 are also 1 in the value 6, but the second bit is different. The bitwise XOR operator can be used for a variety of tasks, such as : Testing if any of the bits in two values are different,  Setting the different bits in a value to 1, Creating new values from existing values. " ( Google Bard )

#### - " A lock : When you turn a lock, you are applying a force to the tumblers, which causes them to rotate and open the lock. The XOR operation is similar to the process of turning a lock, where a force is applied to the tumblers to change their state. If the tumbler is 0, it will be changed to 1. And if the tumbler is 1, it will be changed to 0. Encryption : XOR is used in encryption to create strong encryption keys. The encryption process involves applying XOR to a string of text and an encryption key, which produces an encrypted string of text. The encrypted text can be decrypted using the same key, which will restore the original text. Checksum : XOR is also used in checksums to ensure the integrity of data. The checksum process involves applying XOR to a string of text and an encryption key, which produces a checksum value. The checksum value can be used to verify that the data has not been changed. These are just a few examples from the real world that are similar to XOR. There are many other applications of XOR in a variety of fields, such as computer science, engineering, and cryptography. " ( Google Bard )
