# Quote ..

#### - " The bitwise OR operator (|) in C is a binary operator that takes two values and returns a new value. The new value is determined by any of the bits in the first value or the second value that are 1. This operation is called logical OR. For example, if we have the value 5 (101 in binary representation) and the value 6 (110 in binary representation), the value resulting from logical OR will be 7 (111 in binary representation). This is because the bits in the first two and 3 bits of the value 5 are also 1 in the value 6. The bitwise OR operator can be used for a variety of tasks, such as : Testing whether any of the bits in two values are equal, Testing whether a particular value is present in a set of values, Setting a set of bits in a value to 1. " ( Google Bard )

#### - " A real-world example of Bitwise Operator OR could be testing whether a person is eligible to vote. This can be done by checking the first two bits in the person's birthdate. If the bits are 1 and 1, the person is eligible to vote. If the bits are 0 and 0, the person is not eligible to vote. Another example is testing whether a person is eligible to purchase an alcoholic beverage. This can be done by checking the first two bits in the person's birthdate. If the bits are 1 and 1, the person is eligible to purchase an alcoholic beverage. If the bits are 0 and 0, the person is not eligible to purchase an alcoholic beverage. Bitwise Operator OR is a powerful tool that can be used for a variety of tasks. By understanding how it works, we can use it to create more efficient and effective applications. " ( Google Bard )
