# Quote ..

#### - " In C, the bitwise left shift operator (<<) is a binary operator that takes a number and an integer and returns a new number. The new number is created by shifting the bits in the number to the left by the number of bits. The newly created bits are filled with zeros. For example, if we have the number 5 (101 in binary) and the integer 2 (which indicates the number of bits that will be shifted), the number resulting from the left shift will be 10 (1010 in binary). This is because the bits in the number 5 were shifted to the left by the number of bits 2. The newly created bits were filled with zeros. The bitwise left shift operator can be used for a variety of tasks, such as : Multiplying the number by two, Creating a new number that is larger by the number of bits that were shifted, Shifting the bits in the number. " ( Google Bard )

#### - " Acceleration .. When a car moves from a low speed to a high speed, it accelerates. This means that the car's speed is increasing at a faster rate. The process of acceleration can be thought of as a process of multiplying the car's speed. In the C language, the bitwise left shift operator (<<) can be used to multiply a number. For example, if we have the number 5 (101 in binary) and the integer 2 (which indicates the number of bits that will be shifted), the number resulting from the left shift will be 10 (1010 in binary). This is because the bits in the number 5 were shifted to the left by the number of bits 2. Similarly, when a car moves from a low speed to a high speed, the bits in the car's speed are shifted to the left. This results in an increase in the car's speed. This is just one example from the real world that is similar to the bitwise left shift operator. There are many other applications of this operator in a variety of fields, such as computer science, engineering, and cryptography. " ( Google Bard )
