# Quote ..

#### - " In C, the bitwise right shift operator (>>) is a binary operator that takes a number and an integer and returns a new number. The new number is created by shifting the bits in the number to the right by the number of bits. The newly created bits are truncated. For example, if we have the number 5 (101 in binary) and the integer 2 (which indicates the number of bits that will be shifted), the number resulting from the right shift will be 2 (010 in binary). This is because the bits in the number 5 were shifted to the right by the number of bits 2. The newly created bits were truncated. The bitwise right shift operator can be used for a variety of tasks, such as :Dividing the number by two, Creating a new number that is smaller by the number of bits that were shifted, Shifting the bits in the number. " ( Google Bard )

#### - " Here is an example from the real world that is similar to the bitwise right shift operator : Division .. When we divide a number by two, we are simply shifting the bits in the number to the right by one position. For example, if we divide the number 10 by two, we get 5. This is because the bits in the number 10 were shifted to the right by one position. In the C language, the bitwise right shift operator (>>) can be used to divide by two. For example, if we have the number 10 and the integer 2 (which indicates the number of bits that will be shifted), the number resulting from the right shift will be 5 (010 in binary). This is because the bits in the number 10 were shifted to the right by one position. Similarly, when we divide a number by two, the bits in the number are shifted to the right. This results in the number being divided by two. This is just one example from the real world that is similar to the bitwise right shift operator. There are many other applications of this operator in a variety of fields, such as computer science, engineering, and cryptography. " ( Google Bard )
