# Quote ..

#### - " The bitwise AND operator (&) in C is a binary operator that takes two values and returns a new value. The new value is determined by only those bits in the first value that are also 1 in the second value. This operation is called logical AND. For example, if we have the value 5 (101 in binary representation) and the value 6 (110 in binary representation), the value resulting from the logical AND will be 4 (100 in binary representation). This is because the bits in the first two and 3 bits of the value 5 are also 1 in the value 6. The bitwise AND operator can be used for a variety of tasks, such as : Testing whether all bits of two values are equal, Testing whether a particular value is present in a set of values, Setting a set of bits in a value to 0. " ( Google Bard )

#### - " A real-world example of Bitwise Operator AND could be testing whether a person is over the age of 18. This can be done by checking the first two bits in the passport number. If the bits are 1 and 1, the person is over the age of 18. If the bits are 0 and 0, the person is not over the age of 18. Another example is testing whether an email message comes from a specific email address. This can be done by checking the first bits of the email address. If the bits are 1 and 1, the message comes from the specified address. If the bits are 0 and 0, the message does not come from the specified address. Bitwise Operator AND is a powerful tool that can be used for a variety of tasks. By understanding how it works, we can use it to create more efficient and effective applications. " ( Google Bard )
